Transport API Non-Interactive Provider (NIP) Training Application Description
Module 3: Provide Source Directory Information

--------
Summary:
--------

A Non-Interactive Provider (NIP) writes a provider application that 
connects to TREP-RT and sends a specific set (non-interactive) of 
information (services, domains, and capabilities). NIPs act like 
clients in a client-server relationship. Multiple NIPs can connect 
to the same TREP-RT and publish the same items and content. The NIP 
application sends a login request like a consumer to the ADH and 
processes source directory and item requests like a provider. A source 
directory refresh message and market price and/or market by order refresh/update 
messages are published to the ADH without any request for them.

In this module, OMM NIP application provides Source Directory information.
The Source Directory domain model conveys information about all available 
services in the system. After completing the Login process, an OMM NIP must 
provide a Source Directory refresh.

Detailed Descriptions:
The Source Directory domain model conveys information about all 
available services in the system. After completing the Login process, 
an OMM NIP must provide a Source Directory refresh indicating:

a) Service, service state, QoS, and capability information associated 
with the NIP
b) Supported domain types and any item group information associated 
with the service.

At a minimum, Thomson Reuters recommends that the NIP send the Info, 
State, and Group filters for the Source Directory. Because this is provider 
instantiated, the NIP should use a streamId with a negative value.

a) The Source Directory Info filter contains service name and serviceId 
information for all available services, though NIPs typically provide data 
on only one service.
b) The Source Directory State filter contains status information for service. 
This informs the ADH whether the service is Up and available or Down and 
unavailable.
c) The Source Directory Group filter conveys item group status information, 
including information about group states as well as the merging of groups. 
For additional information about item groups, refer to Transport API C Developer Guide.

Content is encoded and decoded using the Transport API Message Package and the Transport API 
Data Package.

-----------------
Application Name:
-----------------

NIProvMod3

------------------
Setup Environment:
------------------

The RDMFieldDictionary and enumtype.def files located in the etc directory
can be located in the directory of execution. If the dictionary files
cannot be found, they are requested from the ADH Infrastructure.

-------------------
Command line usage:
-------------------  

NIProvMod3
(runs with a default set of parameters (-h localhost -p 14003 -i "" -s "DIRECT_FEED"))

or

NIProvMod3 [-h <SrvrHostname>] [-p <SrvrPortNo>] [-i <InterfaceName>] [-s <ServiceName>] 
			
- NIProvMod3 -? displays command line options.  

- Pressing the CTRL+C buttons terminates the program.  

-----------------
Compiling Source:
-----------------

The included makefile is set up to run from the file
locations as presented through the distribution package.
It is set up for building on the Transport API supported 
Linux platforms using the supported compilers.

The COMPILE_BITS value in the makefile is used to control
whether 32 or 64 bit version of the application is built.  
If a 64 bit application build is desired, COMPILE_BITS should
be set to 64 (which is the default setting).  If 32 bit 
application build is desired, COMPILE_BITS should be set
to 32.  

The LINKTYPE value in the makefile is used to control
whether the application is built using Transport API static or 
shared libraries. The default build uses Transport API static 
libraries. To use Transport API shared libraries, 
set LINKTYPE=Shared.

To compile, run the gmake command.

Gmake can be obtained at http://www.gnu.org/software/make/
For windows platform, using Visual Studio, open one of the included vcxproj project
files and build.

----------------
Example Content:
----------------

Included for this application are:

- Source files.

- This document.

--------------------
Detailed Description
--------------------

NIProvider_Training.c - The main file for the Transport API Non-Interactive Provider (NIP) Training application.

