Transport API Interactive Provider Training Application Description
Module 4: Provide Necessary Dictionaries

--------
Summary:
--------

In this module, OMM Interactive Provider application provides Necessary Dictionaries.
Some data requires the use of a dictionary for encoding or decoding. The dictionary 
typically defines type and formatting information, and tells the application how to 
encode or decode information.

Detailed Descriptions:
Some data requires the use of a dictionary for encoding or decoding. The dictionary 
typically defines type and formatting information, and tells the application how to 
encode or decode information. Content that uses the RsslFieldList type requires the 
use of a field dictionary (usually the Thomson Reuters RDMFieldDictionary, though it 
can instead be a user-defined or modified field dictionary).
 
The Source Directory message should notify the consumer about dictionaries needed to 
decode content sent by the provider. If the consumer needs a dictionary to decode 
content, it is ideal that the Interactive Provider application also make this dictionary
available to consumers for download. The provider can inform the consumer whether the
dictionary is available via the Source Directory.
 
If loading from a file, the Transport API offers several utility functions for loading and managing 
a properly-formatted field dictionary. There are also utility functions provided to 
help the provider encode into an appropriate format for downloading. 

Content is encoded and decoded using the Transport API Message Package and the Transport API 
Data Package.

-----------------
Application Name:
-----------------

ProvMod4

------------------
Setup Environment:
------------------

The RDMFieldDictionary and enumtype.def files located in the etc directory
can be located in the directory of execution. If the dictionary files
cannot be found, we will exit the interactive provider application.

-------------------
Command line usage:
-------------------  

ProvMod4
(runs with a default set of parameters (-p 14002 -s "DIRECT_FEED"))

or

ProvMod4 [-p <SrvrPortNo>] [-s <ServiceName>] 
			
- ProvMod4 -? displays command line options.  

- Pressing the CTRL+C buttons terminates the program.  

-----------------
Compiling Source:
-----------------

The included makefile is set up to run from the file
locations as presented through the distribution package.
It is set up for building on the Transport API supported 
Solaris or Linux platforms using the supported compilers.

The COMPILE_BITS value in the makefile is used to control
whether 32 or 64 bit version of the application is built.  
If a 64 bit application build is desired, COMPILE_BITS should
be set to 64 (which is the default setting).  If 32 bit 
application build is desired, COMPILE_BITS should be set
to 32.  

The LINKTYPE value in the makefile is used to control
whether the application is built using Transport API static or 
shared libraries. The default build uses Transport API static 
libraries. To use Transport API shared libraries, 
set LINKTYPE=Shared.

To compile, run the gmake command.

Gmake can be obtained at http://www.gnu.org/software/make/

For windows platform, using Visual Studio, open one of the included vcxproj project
files and build.

----------------
Example Content:
----------------

Included for this application are:

- Source files.

- This document.

--------------------
Detailed Description
--------------------

Provider_Training.c - The main file for the Transport API Interactive Provider Training application.

